Mongo bm (#912)
percona/pmm-doc: docs/using/mongodb_limitations.md

- Physical restores are not supported for deployments with arbiter nodes. For more information, see the [Percona Backup for MongoDB documentation](https://docs.percona.com/percona-backup-mongodb/usage/restore.html#physical-restore-known-limitations).
- All types of backups on sharded cluster setups are currently not supported.
- Physical backups are supported, but restoring from physical backups will cause all mongo and pbm-agent instances to shutdown. To bring them back up, restart all **mongod** and **mongos** nodes and restart all **pbm-agents**.
- Retention policy is supported only for snapshot types of scheduled backups and for the S3 storage type.
- Before restoring, make sure to prevent clients from accessing database.
  
## Support matrix

<style>
  table th:first-of-type {
    width: 0.5%
  }
  table th:nth-of-type(2) {
    width: 0.5%
  }
  table th:nth-of-type(3) {
    width: 0.1%
  }
  table th:nth-of-type(4) {
    width: 0.1%
  }
  table th:nth-of-type(5) {
    width: 0.1%
  }
  table th:nth-of-type(6) {
    width: 0.1%
  }
  table th:nth-of-type(7) {
    width: 90%
  }
  table td {
    text-align:left; vertical-align: top;
  }
</style>

> | Backup Restore | Logical Physical | PITR | S3 Local | Containerized | Support level|                                                                    

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Operation (Backup or Restore) | Backup type( Logical or Physical) | Full or PITR | Storage type (S3 or Local) | Support DB running in container (Containerized) | Support level|                                                                    
```

# MongoDB Backup and Restore support matrix

Creating and restoring MongoDB backups in PMM currently has the following limitations and requirements:

- Restoring on different Replica set/Cluster is not supported.
- Physical restores are not supported for deployments with arbiter nodes. For more information, see the [Percona Backup for MongoDB documentation](https://docs.percona.com/percona-backup-mongodb/usage/restore.html#physical-restore-known-limitations).

> - All types of backups on Sharder cluster setups are supported, but restoring from physical backups will cause all mongo and pbm-agent instances to shutdown. To bring them back up, restart all **mongod** and **mongos** nodes and restart all **pbm-agents**. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- All types of backups on sharded cluster setups are currently not supported.
- Physical backups are supported, but restoring from physical backups will cause all mongo and pbm-agent instances to shutdown. To bring them back up, restart all **mongod** and **mongos** nodes and restart all **pbm-agents**. 
```

# MongoDB Backup and Restore support matrix

Creating and restoring MongoDB backups in PMM currently has the following limitations and requirements:

- Restoring on different Replica set/Cluster is not supported.
- Physical restores are not supported for deployments with arbiter nodes. For more information, see the [Percona Backup for MongoDB documentation](https://docs.percona.com/percona-backup-mongodb/usage/restore.html#physical-restore-known-limitations).
- All types of backups on sharded cluster setups are currently not supported.
- Physical backups are supported, but restoring from physical backups will cause all mongo and pbm-agent instances to shutdown. To bring them back up, restart all **mongod** and **mongos** nodes and restart all **pbm-agents**. 

> - Retention policy is supported only for snapshot types of scheduled backups.

Reviewer 3: And only for S3 storage type

- Before restoring, make sure to prevent clients from accessing database.

## Support matrix

> ### Logical Backup/Restore

Reviewer: we  did compared presentation. 
Matrix is "easier" but we need to rework it's presentation. so it's ok  to go with Full table for now

> ### Logical Backup/Restore

Author: checked with roma and removed  them

|    Storage type           | Full   | PITR    |

> | ------------- | ------ | ------- |

Author: as agreed, I've removed Comments column

| Local storage | **Backup**/**Restore** |**Backup**/ - |
| S3            | **Backup**/**Restore** | **Backup**/**Restore** |

### Physical Backup/Restore

|      Storage type          | Full   | PITR      |
| ------------- | ------ | --------- |
| Local storage | **Backup**/**Restore.** Restoring requires manual restart of mongod and pbm-agents. | -/-|
| S3            | **Backup**/**Restore**. Restoring requires manual restart of mongod and pbm-agents. |  -/-|

### Full matrix

<style>
  table th:first-of-type {
    width: 5%
  }
  table th:nth-of-type(2) {
    width: 5%
  }
  table th:nth-of-type(3) {
    width: 2%
  }
  table th:nth-of-type(4) {
    width: 2%
  }
  table th:nth-of-type(5) {
    width: 2%
  }
  table th:nth-of-type(6) {
    width: 2%
      }
  table th:nth-of-type(7) {
    width: 10%
  }
  table td {
    text-align:left; vertical-align: top;
  }
</style>

> | Backup/Restore | Logical/Physical | PITR | S3/Local | Containerized | Support level| Comments                                                                      |

Reviewer 3: I think we should remove `Comments` column from this doc or at least remove some remarks to not confuse users.
